omero fields optional (#87)
ome/ngff-spec: index.md

The `omero` metadata is optional, but if present it MUST contain the field `channels`,
which is an array of objects describing the channels of the image.
The `channels` array length SHOULD correspond to the size of the respective channels axis, if present.
Each object in `channels` is optional and MAY contain the following fields:

- `color` (string) String of 6 hexadecimal digits specifying the color of the channel in RGB format.
- `label` (string) Channel name.
- `active` (boolean) Indicates whether the channel should be displayed.
- `coefficient`: (float) Value to multiply the pixel values of the channel by when rendering.

> - `family`: (string) Used transfer function family for rendering the channel, e.g. "linear", "log", "gamma".

Reviewer: this is not correct

Author: I think we should remove the "family" and "coefficient" terms from the "omero" examples and docs.
They have never been defined before, and are still not clear, so I don't think they will have ever been used.

The `omero` metadata is optional, but if present it MUST contain the field `channels`,
which is an array of dictionaries describing the channels of the image.

> The `channels` array length SHOULD correspond to the size of the `c` axis.

Reviewer 2: A `c`-named axis isn't required to be present

```suggestion
The `channels` array length SHOULD correspond to the size of the respective channels axis, if present.
```

> Each dictionary in `channels` MAY contain the following fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each object in `channels` MAY contain the following fields:
```
